demo/remote: add GCP Managed Instance group demo. (#367)
hashicorp/nomad-autoscaler: demo/remote/gcp/README.md

# Google Cloud Platform

> In order to setup some basic GCP resources for the demo, we will utilise the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to set up some basic GCP resources for the demo, we will utilise the
```

The Nomad UI can be accessed at http://34.121.186.59:4646/ui
The Consul UI can be accessed at http://34.121.186.59:8500/ui
Grafana dashbaord can be accessed at http://35.224.138.121:3000/d/AQphTqmMk/demo?orgId=1&refresh=5s
Traefik can be accessed at http://35.224.138.121:8081
Prometheus can be accessed at http://35.224.138.121:9090
Webapp can be accessed at http://35.224.138.121:80

CLI environment variables:
export NOMAD_CLIENT_DNS=http://35.224.138.121
export NOMAD_ADDR=http://34.121.186.59:4646
```

You can visit the URLs and explore what has been created. This will include registration of a
number of Nomad jobs which provide metrics and dashboarding as well as a demo application and
routing provided by Traefik. It may take a few seconds for all the applications to start, so if
any of the URLs doesn't load the first time, wait a little bit and give it a try again.

Please also copy the export commands and run these in the terminal where the rest of the demo will
be run.

The application is pre-configured with a scaling policy, you can view this by opening the job file
or calling the Nomad API. The application scales based on the average number of active connections,

> and we are targeting an average of 10 per instance of our app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and we are targeting an average of 10 connections per instance of our app.
```
